It has been difficult to categorize many of the sonnets.  For example, should every poem that includes the word "eye" or "eyes" be marked as having "eye" imagery?  For some mentions, clearly so: In sonnet __, the opening line is "My mistress's eyes are nothing lik ethe sun".  This clearly evokes an image of a beloved's face and eyes.  (Find another example if possible.)  However, sonnet 27 mentions how the beloved keeps "my drooping eyelids open wide".  Is this a mention of eyes in the same way as the first?  It doesn't so much describe or call to mind a visual description of a person's eyes as signify that the speaker can't sleep (although it is a visual image).  Beyond that, the sun is often described as the "eye of heaven", the "golden eye", or similar.  Would we count these as eye images?  
The assigning of categories is a "reverse" searching process.  I read a sonnet and decide whether it fits into certain categories.  However, the reader of this website will go in the opposite direction.  In their "forward" process, they will click on a category ("eyes") and expect to see sonnets with descriptions of a person's eyes.  If the eye is used as a methaphor for something else, like the sun, or a window, or a painter, I have left that out of the category.  The "in between" case of dropping eyelids open wide I have included, because it is at least a specific image of a person's eyes doing something.
Other tough cases were things like "concepts."  For example, numerous sonnets have references to widows.  A widow is a person, a woman whose husband has died.  Is this better considered a "theme" or an "image"?  It's not really a specific physical entity, like most of the images.  It's conceptual.  However, it doesn't seem to fit the theme category, which has more to do with the ideas used in the poems, the predominant emotions.  Perhaps concepts could be considered a third category.  However, the site starts to grow too elaborate.  That may be more categorization than a reader expects, or could find useful.  It also feels like a weaker category.  What else would go in "concepts?"  Motherhood, wifehood?  Not sure.
Other tough in between categories were tears vs. weeping.  Rain and wind vs. storms.  

Overview of the sonnets
Every sonnet is about love.  (That is why "love" is not available as a theme selector.  It would simply include all 154 sonnets.  Hate, by contrast, is mentioned and evoked much more rarely.)  Shakespeare uses an interpersonal love relationship as the intense setting in which to explore the many themes written about in the sonnets.  The other party in the relationship varies throughout the sequence: most center on a (male) Fair Youth.  A few near the end focus instead on a Dark Lady.  Many newcomers to the sonnet sequence are surprised to learn that the subject of the sonnets is a male.  However, in the sonnets from 1 through 126, every time the sex of the subject is identifiable it is male.  These range from the early imperative to procreation sonnets, (9: Is it for fear to wet a widow's eye that thou consum'st thyself in single life?) to 42, a jealous account of the youth's romance with a woman, apparently one whom the speaker also loves (That thou hast her it is not all my grief... that she hath thee is of my wailing chief), to the oblique third-person view of the beloved's beauty in 68 (In him those holy antique hours are seen).  The switch to the mistress focus in 127 is overt: My mistress' eyes are raven black. 
However, most of the sonnets are ambiguous about the sex of the other party -- I believe intentionally so.  I imagine that Shakespeare wrote them as a clever exercise in layering meanings, or making different kinds of sense in different contexts.  They work as standalone love poems, either happy or sad.  They could be added to a love poem anthology, or quoted on their own, and would fit the cultural presumption of a male writing about a female.  18, which I think is the most quoted of the sequence in our time, is an example.  "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?  Thou art more lovely and more temperate."  It can be read either way, and I imagine most people, if they hear just that one poem, assume it is a male writing about a female.
Some sonnets, intriguingly, only make the connection to the relationship very tenuously, almost as an afterthought, or as if to satisfy the requirement, to check the box, that the sonnet is about love of someone.  Most eminent in this group, in my mind, is 66 (Tired with all these, for restful death I cry), a raft of complaints about the corruption and 
Another thing that stands out to me
